0 - Write a script that switches your user ID to betty. 1 - Write a script that displays the effective userid of the current user. 2 - Write a script that shows all the groups the current user belongs to. 3 - Write a script that changes the owner of the file hello to the user betty. 4 - Write a script that makes an empty file called hello. 5 - Write a script that gives execute permission to the owner of the file hello. 6 - Write a script that gives execute permission to the owner and the group owner, and read permission to other users, for the file hello. 7 - Write a script that gives execution permission to the owner, the group owner and the other users, for the file hello 8 - Write a script that sets the permission of the file hello as follows: 9 - Write a script that sets the mode of the file hello to this: 10 - Write a script that sets the mode of the file hello the same as olleh’s mode. 11 - Write a script that gives execute permission to all subdirectories of the current directory for the owner, the group owner and all other users. Regular files should not be affected. 12 - Write a script that creates a directory called my_dir with permissions 751 in the current directory. 13 - Write a script that changes the group owner to holberton for the file hello 14 - Write a script that changes the owner to betty and the group owner to holberton for all the files and directories in the current directory. 15 - Write a script that changes the owner and the group owner of the file _hello to betty and holberton respectively. 16 - Write a script that changes the owner of the file hello to betty only if it is owned by the user guillaume.
